Give him too much collection
Should have given more money
Can't come back
Let's talk about the situation just arranged, right?
Hey, it's coming, it's coming.
Don't worry everyone
We have got the contract.
You can get the money as soon as you sign the contract.
Line up and come one by one
Hey, by the way, your price is too expensive.
We don't sell
What do you mean?
The average 800 yuan a bottle as negotiated before.
Better 1,000 bottles
How to talk and still want to go out
What did you say?
The agreement was not signed
Just say it verbally, don't try to lie to us.
That's it, then you applaud
Our average 1,600.
Better 2,000 to 2,000 bucks
Do you have a room here too?
I don't have one. But I keep saying that there is a house for sale.
It's my treat for this meal today.
Don't argue with me!
Uncle is rarely so generous today
How did you make a lot of money?
Don't tell me someone finally bought my two houses
He's a big boss
I bought a lot of houses at once
Which big boss is right?
Why did he buy your house?
Do you put trash?
See what you say
It seems to be a comparison
Li Yi, this house is worth this price
You let you pay a hundred